1. Which class is used to create a directory in Java? 
This is tricky because there is no Directory class, File class is used to create both file and directory in Java. 

2. What is the difference between BufferedReader and FileReader in Java? 
BufferedReader is a Decorator that provides buffering for faster IO, while FileReader is used to read data from File.

3.What is a Marker Interface?
An empty interface in Java is referred to as a Marker interface. Serializable and Cloneable are some famous examples of Marker Interface.

4.What is Object Cloning?
An ability to recreate an object entirely similar to an existing object is known as Object Cloning in Java. Java provides a clone() method to clone a current object offering the same functionality as the original object.

5.Define Wrapper Classes in Java.
In Java, when you declare primitive datatypes, then Wrapper classes are responsible for converting them into objects(Reference types). 

6. What is a singleton class in Java? And How to implement a singleton class?
A class that can possess only one object at a time is called a singleton class.

7.Define package in Java.
The package is a collective bundle of classes and interfaces and the necessary libraries and JAR files. The use of packages helps in code reusability.

8.Can you implement pointers in a Java Program?
Java Virtual Machine takes care of memory management implicitly. Java's primary motto was to keep programming simple. So, accessing memory directly through pointers is not a recommended action. Hence, pointers are eliminated in Java. 

9.What is the final keyword in Java?
The term final is a predefined word in Java that is used while declaring values to variables. When a value is declared using the final keyword, then the variable's value remains constant throughout the program's execution.

10.What happens when the main() isn't declared as static?
When the main method is not declared as static, then the program may be compiled correctly but ends up with a severe ambiguity and throws a run time error that reads "NoSuchMethodError."


